In this video, we are going to go ahead
and create the Visit entity. So here you
have the POJO there. Let's take a
quick look at this. I'm going assign it to
myself, just how to have it there to
indicate that I am working on it and
taking a responsibility to link this
task to others even though nobody else
is working on this. Just a good work habit.
What I want to do is take a look at the
visit entity. This is in Spring Pet
Clinic, the actual reference
implementation that we are working with.
You can see here on line 46, they
implement a pet_id as an integer. I'm
using it Long for my ids but they did
an integer. They're just entering the
ID property. Not really the ideal for
what I think. In my opinion, I think
that should be the actual object there.
It makes things a little more natural to
be working with because we are using
an ORM. I'm not quite sure why they did
this. Maybe we'll find out down the road.
But for right now, what I'm going to do
is I'm going to implement this as the
entity Pet. If we come over here and
bounce into IntelliJ, you can see that I
already set this up as a Pet so we have
the Visit POJO set up. What we want
to do is let's go ahead and annotate it.
It's designating this is an entity in
JPA.
We'll name the table as well.
Call that visits. Call the @Column.
Give that column name a date
as well as a description.
I've got the description and now what we
need to do is set up that mapping
between the Visit and Pet so we come
over to Pet. You can see we don't
even have a property right now for this
so what we can do is I'm going to come
in here under birthDate. We'll just
add in private.
We're going to add a new property of
visits. Come down here. We'll add in the
getter and setters.
Remember, a good habit to get into. We'll
initialize that to new HashSet so that
will never be null so if when we do a
get on it we do have an empty HashSet
that we'll be working with.
Just good to have done that before and
other ones. Now what we want to do is set
up the mapping and let's do a
one-to-many.
We'll just do a cascade type of all
and we'll say mappedBy.
In this type, we want to say pet so
we will go ahead and do the pet property.
That pet property references back to
the Visit here. So on the pet,
what we want to do set up the inverse of
this relationship,
many-to-one.
You say the JoinColumn. This case is
going to be name. In this case will be...
That sets up
the mapping of the inverse. So now, come
back over to Chrome. Rather than doing
the ID just ID value, which would be a
reference,
we're actually treating this like a full
class entity and we're setting up the
relationship so this is a delta definite
change from the way the Spring guys have
lamented to Spring Pet Clinic but I
think that's going to give us a nicer
implementation to work with. So again,
just to reiterate what we are doing. We
created an entity. Called it visits, so
the visits is the table name and the
database is going to be visits. Specify a
column name of date, description, and then
we set up. We are not using just the ID
value. We are actually treating this as a
full-blown object and along JPA to
manage it. We set up a many to one
relationship, saying that a visit it's
going to have a single pet that's
going to come back over here. Of
course a pet can go visit the vet
multiple times, so each visit will become
an individual attribute of a pet. Now
we are saying that we want a one-to-many
relationship there and line 29. Cascade
type of all means that if we delete a
pet, the associated visit records for
that pet will also get deleted by JPA.
We're saying that on the other side,
it's going to be mapped by the pet
property. We did add in the new property
there on line 30. A set of visits and we
are initializing that to a HashSet.
Down on 64, you can see where I added in
the getters and setters. So I'm going to
call this one good. Come back over
here. This was issue number 38. I
think it's going to complete out our JPA
mapping.
That was
number 38.
I'll go ahead and commit and push
this which will close it up in GitHub.